1. CodeLite

An Open-Source, cross-platform IDfor C+ and C++ coding languages, CodeLite works on all major platforms. CodeLite offers a variety of features, including two built-in completion engines, compilers, refactoring, code navigation and more.

2. Code::Blocks

Code::Blocks, an extensible and fully configurable IDE designed to support its users most demanding needs, supports C, C++ and Fortran. It provides a consistent look, feel and operation across all platforms for seamless transitions between work spaces, and it’s built around a plug-in framework, providing a multitude of options for extension. It’s open-source and offers cross-platform functionality with no hidden costs.

3. Eclipse

Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse, a free, open-source editor that was initially a Java environment but a variety of plug-ins have extended its capabilities considerably. The Eclipse Standard 4.3.2 version, for instance, includes the Eclipse Platform along with the tools required to debug it, plus Java and Plugin Development Tooling and Git and CVS support. If your requirements are different, you can choose from a variety of Eclipse Package Solutions, including tools for Java developers, Scout Developers, RCP and RAP Developers and more.

4. NetBeans

An intuitive, drag-and-drop interface with project templates, binary and static libraries, and many useful functions to make your life simpler, NetBeans is a popular IDE for C and C++ projects. It also supports Fortan and Assembler files, with GNU Debugger Integration and code assistance, NetBeans is a functional IDE for editing existing projects, building on templates or building from scratch on most leading platforms. There are also multiple NetBeans Enterprise IDE Download Bundles with options that support several additional technologies, including Java, PHP, HTML5 and more.

5. Zend Studio

PHP developers use Zend Studio to code faster, resolve issues more readily and collaborate more easily in the cloud. Packaged with a suite of useful tools, such as Composer and PHPUnit, Zend Studio is a one-stop shop for PHP web and mobile app development from end-to-end.