1. Java

Oracle's Java is one of the web's longest standing, persistent, and influential programming languages. You'll find Java at the core of applications on and off the web, on all platforms, operating systems, and devices. It's a deeply featured class-based, object-oriented programming language that's designed to be portable and workable on as many platforms as possible.
Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly, and manifestly typed, both are class-based object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection, and both are "curly brace languages" like C and C++.

2. Ruby

Ruby is a dynamic, open-source, object-oriented programming language developed by computer scientist Yukihiro Matsumoto back in the 90s, which makes it one of the youngest languages in broad use, much less in this roundup. It was designed to have syntax that was easy to read and to write by mere humans, without necessarily needing to learn a massive base of commands and specialized "vocabulary" in order to get started. While the language itself is object-oriented, it also supports procedural, functional, and imperative programming, one of the factors that makes it remarkably flexible. 
You’ll find objects in Ruby, along classes, methods, inheritance, etc. You’ll also find elements of functional programming; just like C# got some of that over time through anonymous delegates and lambdas. While C# has always been a static, strongly typed language, and eventually got a couple of dynamic features, Ruby is a fully dynamic language.

3. Python

Python was developed in the 80s by Guido van Rossum, who then handed the language over to the non-profit Python Software Foundation, which serves as the language's administrator, and the language is open source and free to use, even for commercial applications. Python is usually used and referred to as a scripting language, allowing programmers to churn out large quantities of easily readable and functional code in short periods of time, but it's also dynamic, and supports object-oriented, procedural, and functional programming styles, among others.
Python is available on many Operating Systems - Linux, Unix, Windows, etc. C# started as a proprietary language and part of .NET for Windows.  

4. JavaScript

JavaScript is a scripting language that was developed in the 90s by Brendan Eich, formerly of Netscape Communications and now of the Mozilla Foundation. JavaScript is one of the fundamental technologies on which the web as we know it is based. The language itself is dynamic, and gives programmers the flexibility to use object-oriented programming styles as well as functional and imperative ones. It derives much of its syntax from C.
C# (if speaking about web) is executed on server and JS on client.

5. C++
C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.C# is very similar, in that it takes the basic operators and style of C++ but forces programs to be type safe, in that it executes the code in a controlled sandbox called the virtual machine. As such, all code must be encapsulated inside an object, among other things. C# provides many additions to facilitate interaction with Microsoft's Windows, COM, and Visual Basic. C# is a ECMA and ISO standard. 
